Add documentation for DOTNET_HOST_TRACE environment variables (.NET 10+) (#47603)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/dependency-loading/default-probing.md

The .NET Core runtime host will output useful trace messages when certain environment variables are enabled:

|Environment Variable           |Description  |
|-------------------------------|---------|
|`DOTNET_HOST_TRACE=1`          |Enables tracing.|
|`DOTNET_HOST_TRACEFILE=<path>` |Traces to a file path instead of the default `stderr`.|
|`DOTNET_HOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY`  |Sets the verbosity from 1 (lowest) to 4 (highest).|

> See [DOTNET_HOST_TRACE environment variables](../tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md#dotnet_host_trace) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [DOTNET_HOST_TRACE environment variables](../tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md#dotnet_host_trace).
```

The .NET Core runtime host will output useful trace messages when certain environment variables are enabled:

|Environment Variable           |Description  |
|-------------------------------|---------|

> |`DOTNET_HOST_TRACE=1`          |Enables tracing. (.NET 10+)|
> |`DOTNET_HOST_TRACEFILE=<path>` |Traces to a file path instead of the default `stderr`. (.NET 10+)|
> |`DOTNET_HOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY`  |Sets the verbosity from 1 (lowest) to 4 (highest). (.NET 10+)|
> |`COREHOST_TRACE=1`             |Enables tracing.|
> |`COREHOST_TRACEFILE=<path>`    |Traces to a file path instead of the default `stderr`.|
> |`COREHOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY`     |Sets the verbosity from 1 (lowest) to 4 (highest).|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`DOTNET_HOST_TRACE=1`          |Enables tracing.|
|`DOTNET_HOST_TRACEFILE=<path>` |Traces to a file path instead of the default `stderr`.|
|`DOTNET_HOST_TRACE_VERBOSITY`  |Sets the verbosity from 1 (lowest) to 4 (highest).|

See [DOTNET_HOST_TRACE environment variables](../tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md#dotnet_host_trace) for details.
```
